=head1 NAME

awbot-greeter - Arch Linux Women IRC welcome bot

=head1 SYNOPSIS

awgreeter [I<config_options>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

awbot-greeter is a simple IRC robot which welcomes new people to an IRC channel. It is a fork of awbot-logr which is a fork of awbot.

OpenSSL and socat are required to connect to an IRC server.

=head1 CONFIGURATION

The configuration file is I</etc/awbot.conf>. Configuration can be overridden on the command line by listing options.

=over 4

=item server=

The address of the IRC server to connect to.

=item port=

The port to connect to. This must be the port used for SSL connections.

=item nicks=( )

An array of IRC nicks to use. If a nick is in use, the next one in the array will be tried.

=item nick=

Override I<nicks> with a single nick. Used only for testing stuff.
 
=item pass=

The corresponding password for the IRC nick. This is optional and can be left blank if there is no password.

Be sure to give the correct password. The bot will ignore NickServ.

B<WARNING> When overriden from the command line, the shell may store the password in a history file.

=item ircname=

A name like a real name.

=item ircuser=

A user name like one used for UNIX accounts. It is optional and if not specified the first item in I<nicks> is used.

=item welcome=

The welcome message to greet new people with. This is an array where each item is a separate line.

The string I<%nick%> is replaced by the nick of the person being greeted.

=item notify=( )

An array of nicks to send a PM to notify of new people in the channel. This is optional.

=item seenlist=

The path to the file where a list of seen nicks is kept. This is how the bot knows if a nick is new to the channel or not.

When setting up, populate this file with a list of nicks you kinow are not new.

=item channel=

The channel to join and post messages to.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

awbot is copyrighted work. Use `git shortlog -s` to get a list of current authors and contributors and their contact information.

awbot is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=head1 WEBSITES

https://archwomen.org

https://github.com/archwomen/awbot-greeter
